1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

Answer: 
	-Introduction to HTTP
	-HTTP1.1
	-HTTP 2
	-HTTP1.1 VS HTTP2


Introduction to HTTP:
  The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application layer protocol in the Internet protocol suite model for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information 
  systems.[1] HTTP is the foundation of data communication for the World Wide Web, where hypertext documents include hyperlinks to other resources that the user can       easily access.
  
  HTTP was initiated by Tim Berners-Lee at CERN in 1989 and summarized in a simple document describing the behavior of a client and a server using the first HTTP           protocol version that was named 0.9.
  
  HTTP/1 was finalized and fully documented (as version 1.0) in 1996.It evolved (as version 1.1) in 1997 and then its specifications were updated in 1999, 2015, and       2022.
  
  HTTP/2 was published in 2015
  HTTP/3 was published in 2022
  
HTTP1.1:
  The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997. Because it went through several stages of development, this first version of HTTP was called HTTP/1.1. This         version is still in use on the web.
  
HTTP2:
  HTTP/2 solves several problems that the creators of HTTP/1.1 did not anticipate. In particular, HTTP/2 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP/1.1. One of the ways   in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how it prioritizes content during the loading process.
  
HTTP1.1 VS HTTP2:
  i.Multiplexing
  ii.Server push
  iii.Heaader compression
  
  
  I.Multiplexing: HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it. In contrast, HTTP/2     isable to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. HTTP/2 does this by splitting data   into binary-code messages and numbering these messages so that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.

  II.Server push: A server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it. However, this approach is not always practical for modern webpages, which   often involve several dozen separate resources that the client must request. HTTP/2 solves this problem by allowing a server to "push" content to a client before 
  the client asks for it. The server also sends a message letting the client know what pushed content to expect. 

  III.Header compression: Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance, both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 compress HTTP messages to make them       smaller. However, HTTP/2 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few
  bytes from every HTTP packet. Given the volume of HTTP packets involved in loading even a single webpage, those bytes add up quickly, resulting in faster loading.
  
  
  
